The GASC License ( Updated version at http://njs.com.np/license.html )

You are obliged to abide by the following list in order to use my code![1]

GASC stands for Given Away Source Code
This license is only valid for the source code I have written by myself. [2]
You are free to do the following with the source code containing this license -
Share the code with your family and friends and tell them that you built this cool stuff
Learn something from the source code and seem to be a geek, answering the questions on forums like stack overflow.com.
Use the source code directly into your project and not mention my name in References section.
Modify the source code and forget the original source code.
Earn by selling or embedding and keep it all help needy people by donating a small portion of the earning.
Make a rocket and go to the moon and never return back. ;)
Create a slide show, or print out and take it to classroom to teach your students.
Or do whatever the fuck you can do and never give me credit.
The source code written by me may include libraries created/written/compiled by other authors. They will have their own licenses included.
Since I don't drink beer, you may want to buy me a Kitkat[3] in case you wanted to buy me a beer!
This license may be modified at any date in future and any time of the day of any time zone I'll be living in.
This license is not backward or forward compatible. Any older versions of the license are subject to be compared with the online version residing at http://njs.com.np/license.html and if there is a difference of one or more characters in the md5 hash of the alphanumeric characters present in the text of those two linceses, the online version existing in the URL, http://njs.com.np/license.html, will be considered valid, and the other invalid. Why? Because I'm very paranoid.
Probably this is the last point- and currently it doesn't exist.
You are not allowed to do the following with the source code that mentions this license -

Print the source code on an unhygenic paper and eat it without medical prescription.
Sue me for any evil things that my code did
Hold me responsible for any undocumented features / bugs in the source code
Tell me or my children that you wrote that code- because you didn't. I don't care what you tell to anyone else.


[1] Just kidding! Do whatever you want to do! I don't care.
[2] You may not generalize this license to any other files which do not mention the existence of this license.
[3] I like to eat Kitkat. I like many other things but never want be become their brand ambassador, including Kitkat.
